README.md, before:

# 901.-LIVE-PROJECT--yoga-with-alex--html-css-bootstrap-js

# Yoga With Alex

'Yoga with Alex' is a website that promotes various classes and events held by
Alexandra Le Roux Nävermyr, who is a Swedish Yoga teacher, based in Göteborg
(Gothenburg) Sweden.

The website will also offer various Yoga merchandise that is personally made by Alex.
These items, and garments, are either knitted or crocheted, and will be available.

The website will be used by potential students/clients of Alex, as she seeks to grow and
develope upon her Yoga journey.

Link to the live [Yoga with Alex - Website](https://totallysly.github.io/901.-LIVE-PROJECT--yoga-with-alex--html-css-bootstrap-js/)

![Responsive Mockup](**\*\*\*\***ADD RESPONSIVE MOCK UP PHOTO HERE\***\*\*\*\*\*\*\***)

---

## Table of Contents

-   [UX and UI Design](#ux-and-ui-design)
    -   [Owner Goals](#owner-goals)
    -   [External User Goals](#external-user-goals)
    -   [User Stories](#user-stories)
    -   [Potential Features to Use](#potential-features-to-use)
    -   [Wireframes](#wireframes)
-   [Design](#design)
    -   [Imagery](#imagery)
    -   [Colour Scheme](#colour-scheme)
    -   [Typography](#typography)
-   [Features](#features)
    -   [Existing Features](#existing-features)
    -   [Features Left To Implement](#features-left-to-implement)
    -   [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
-   [Testing](#testing)
    -   [Validator Testing](#validator-testing)
    -   [Manual Testing](#manual-testing)
    -   [Accessibility](#accessibility)
    -   [Bugs](#unfixed-bugs)
-   [Deployment](#deployment)
-   [Credits](#credits)
    -   [Content](#content)
    -   [Media](#media)
    -   [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgements)

---

## UX and UI Design

The owner of the website, Alex, has tasked me with designing and implementing a Yoga website and shop. I have been given complete control and autonomy of the design process. This is from initial concept to completion of a live website. I will, however, be in constant dialogue with the client, as she details which aesthetics she does, or does not like.

I have researched various Yoga websites before creating any concepts - of which you can view below. I have come to the conclusion that images need to be large. These the the main attraction to the website. The length of text does vary, but I like a more 'less is more' approach. As such, text will be kept as minimal as possible.

All websites are heavy on promotional items. The website I am creating is for someone who has just started her Yoga teacher journey. We have agreed that sign-ups and promotional items are not at the forefront for her needs at this stage. She would just like some form of online presence to be competitive with smaller Yoga teachers, and to inform users of her weekly classes or events she is hosting.

---

### Website Owner Goals

-   To own a website that she can use to promote herself as a Yoga teacher.
-   To display information regarding where she is teaching.
-   To display information regarding any special events or workshops coming up.
-   To sell different crochet or knitted Yoga items she hand makes.

---

### External User Goals

-   To view the information and credentials of the client.
-   To gather information regarding the client's Yoga classes. Dates/times/location etc etc.
-   To gather information about upcoming events and workshops.
-   To have different forms of contact with the client. I.e. email / social media / contact form.

---

### User Stories

-   As a user of the website, I want to \***\*WRITE ABOUT EXTERNAL USER GOALS **\*\*\*\*\*\*
-   As a user of the website, I want to \***\*WRITE ABOUT EXTERNAL USER GOALS **\*\*\*\*\*\*

---

### Potential Features to Use

-   **\*\*\*\***WRITE ABOUT POTENTIAL FEATURES HERE\***\*\*\*\*\*\***

---

### Wireframes

I used the Mockflow website and app to create my wireframes. As I am a basic user, I am limited in how I can present my wireframes (something that will be changed as I continue to grow my skills). As such, there is one image that has the wireframe for Desktop as well as Mobile devices. I have not created any wireframes for Tablet devices. That is because the website will try and take most of the aspects from the Desktop design, and if this does not create a nice aesthetic, then I will use the layout for Mobile devices.

<details>
  <summary>Wireframes</summary>

![Wireframe](/assets/images/readme-images/yoga-with-alex--wireframe.png)

 </details>

**Desktop Devices**

<i>Logo and Nav bar</i>

The navigation bar and logo will remain 'sticky' ensuring that the user can navigate with ease. The logo will remain to help create the familiarity between the user and the client.

<i>Hero Image</i>

The hero image will be a carousel of images, using the Bootstrap framework. Each image will be of the client in various yoga poses. The carousel of images will also act as a 'secondary' navigation bar. Each photo will be related to each section of the website with a button to help it stand out.

<i>About Me</i>

This section will have a nice profile photo of the client in the centre of the page. Around the photo will be various different 'About Me' paragraphs.

<i>Classes</i>

This section has been the hardest to plan for. I have come up with an idea of using a 'timeline' style, akin to inspiration from [Jeff Glenn - Panel Timeline](https://codepen.io/jeffglenn/pen/KNYoKa) and [Brad Traversy - 50 JS Projects in 50 Days](https://www.udemy.com/course/50-projects-50-days/learn/lecture/23595170#overview). The idea that the the user clicks on the day of the week, and it expands to display information about the client's classes for that day.

<i>Events and Workshops</i>

This section will have different information displayed in rotation regarding the events and workshops the client will be hosting. Therefore, I feel like a more 'simple' design concept will be most beneficial. A simple photo of a previous (or relating event) with text displaying the details to the side.

<i>Contact Me</i>

This will be a basic from in which the client will gather contact details from users. It will also display the clients email and social media profiles should the user not what to complete the form.

<i>Shop</i>

I have not designed a wireframe regarding the shop as of yet. That is because it is not high up on the needs and wants of the client. The shop is something the client will be using as a 'side hustle' to get some 'pocket money'. At present I am thinking of it linking to an external 'Shopify' framework for simplicity.

**Mobile Devices**

<i>Logo and Nav bar</i>

The navbar will become a Hamburger menu for Mobile users. This is to free up viewport space.

<i>Hero Image</i>

The carousel will remain active on mobile devices.

<i>About Me</i>

The image will be placed at the top of this section, and the paragraphs will follow beneath.

<i>Classes</i>

At the moment I have two options to display the client's classes on Mobile devices. The first idea is to keep the same design pattern as Desktop devices, but instead of being horizontal across the viewport, they will be stacked vertically. However, I am aware that this may become rather clunky for Mobile devices. If that is the case, I will just display the text and information about the classes with no effects.

<i>Events and Workshops</i>

Will follow the same idea as the About Me section, in which the image will appear on top with the text beneath.

<i>Contact Me</i>

The design of this should be responsive enough that it is the same as the Desktop viewport. The only difference is the email address and social media links will be displayed vertically rather than horizontally.

<i>Shop</i>

See information regarding the shop within the Desktop part of this section.

## Credits

### Content

### Media

### Acknowledgments

1). [Jeff Glenn - Panel Timeline](https://codepen.io/jeffglenn/pen/KNYoKa)

-   Helped massively with how display the Yoga Classes.

2). [Brad Traversy - 50 JS Projects in 50 Days](https://www.udemy.com/course/50-projects-50-days/learn/lecture/23595170#overview)

-   Helped massively with how display the Yoga Classes.

Commit message:

Add typography image to ReadMe file and added Typography heading to ReadMe file

README.md, after:

# 901.-LIVE-PROJECT--yoga-with-alex--html-css-bootstrap-js

# Yoga With Alex

'Yoga with Alex' is a website that promotes various classes and events held by
Alexandra Le Roux Nävermyr, who is a Swedish Yoga teacher, based in Göteborg
(Gothenburg) Sweden.

The website will also offer various Yoga merchandise that is personally made by Alex.
These items, and garments, are either knitted or crocheted, and will be available.

The website will be used by potential students/clients of Alex, as she seeks to grow and
develope upon her Yoga journey.

Link to the live [Yoga with Alex - Website](https://totallysly.github.io/901.-LIVE-PROJECT--yoga-with-alex--html-css-bootstrap-js/)

![Responsive Mockup](**\*\*\*\***ADD RESPONSIVE MOCK UP PHOTO HERE\***\*\*\*\*\*\*\***)

---

## Table of Contents

-   [UX and UI Design](#ux-and-ui-design)
    -   [Owner Goals](#owner-goals)
    -   [External User Goals](#external-user-goals)
    -   [User Stories](#user-stories)
    -   [Potential Features to Use](#potential-features-to-use)
    -   [Wireframes](#wireframes)
-   [Design](#design)
    -   [Imagery](#imagery)
    -   [Colour Scheme](#colour-scheme)
    -   [Typography](#typography)
-   [Features](#features)
    -   [Existing Features](#existing-features)
    -   [Features Left To Implement](#features-left-to-implement)
    -   [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
-   [Testing](#testing)
    -   [Validator Testing](#validator-testing)
    -   [Manual Testing](#manual-testing)
    -   [Accessibility](#accessibility)
    -   [Bugs](#unfixed-bugs)
-   [Deployment](#deployment)
-   [Credits](#credits)
    -   [Content](#content)
    -   [Media](#media)
    -   [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgements)

---

## UX and UI Design

The owner of the website, Alex, has tasked me with designing and implementing a Yoga website and shop. I have been given complete control and autonomy of the design process. This is from initial concept to completion of a live website. I will, however, be in constant dialogue with the client, as she details which aesthetics she does, or does not like.

I have researched various Yoga websites before creating any concepts - of which you can view below. I have come to the conclusion that images need to be large. These the the main attraction to the website. The length of text does vary, but I like a more 'less is more' approach. As such, text will be kept as minimal as possible.

All websites are heavy on promotional items. The website I am creating is for someone who has just started her Yoga teacher journey. We have agreed that sign-ups and promotional items are not at the forefront for her needs at this stage. She would just like some form of online presence to be competitive with smaller Yoga teachers, and to inform users of her weekly classes or events she is hosting.

---

### Website Owner Goals

-   To own a website that she can use to promote herself as a Yoga teacher.
-   To display information regarding where she is teaching.
-   To display information regarding any special events or workshops coming up.
-   To sell different crochet or knitted Yoga items she hand makes.

---

### External User Goals

-   To view the information and credentials of the client.
-   To gather information regarding the client's Yoga classes. Dates/times/location etc etc.
-   To gather information about upcoming events and workshops.
-   To have different forms of contact with the client. I.e. email / social media / contact form.

---

### Potential Features to Use

-   Expanding cards to display the client's yoga classes.
-   A carousel of images as a the 'hero image'.

---

### Wireframes

I used the Mockflow website and app to create my wireframes. As I am a basic user, I am limited in how I can present my wireframes (something that will be changed as I continue to grow my skills). As such, there is one image that has the wireframe for Desktop as well as Mobile devices. I have not created any wireframes for Tablet devices. That is because the website will try and take most of the aspects from the Desktop design, and if this does not create a nice aesthetic, then I will use the layout for Mobile devices.

<details>
  <summary>Wireframes</summary>

![Wireframe](/assets/images/readme-images/yoga-with-alex--wireframe.png)

 </details>

**Desktop Devices**

<i>Logo and Nav bar</i>

The navigation bar and logo will remain 'sticky' ensuring that the user can navigate with ease. The logo will remain to help create the familiarity between the user and the client.

<i>Hero Image</i>

The hero image will be a carousel of images, using the Bootstrap framework. Each image will be of the client in various yoga poses. The carousel of images will also act as a 'secondary' navigation bar. Each photo will be related to each section of the website with a button to help it stand out.

<i>About Me</i>

This section will have a nice profile photo of the client in the centre of the page. Around the photo will be various different 'About Me' paragraphs.

<i>Classes</i>

This section has been the hardest to plan for. I have come up with an idea of using a 'timeline' style, akin to inspiration from [Jeff Glenn - Panel Timeline](https://codepen.io/jeffglenn/pen/KNYoKa) and [Brad Traversy - 50 JS Projects in 50 Days](https://www.udemy.com/course/50-projects-50-days/learn/lecture/23595170#overview). The idea that the the user clicks on the day of the week, and it expands to display information about the client's classes for that day.

<i>Events and Workshops</i>

This section will have different information displayed in rotation regarding the events and workshops the client will be hosting. Therefore, I feel like a more 'simple' design concept will be most beneficial. A simple photo of a previous (or relating event) with text displaying the details to the side.

<i>Contact Me</i>

This will be a basic from in which the client will gather contact details from users. It will also display the clients email and social media profiles should the user not what to complete the form.

<i>Shop</i>

I have not designed a wireframe regarding the shop as of yet. That is because it is not high up on the needs and wants of the client. The shop is something the client will be using as a 'side hustle' to get some 'pocket money'. At present I am thinking of it linking to an external 'Shopify' framework for simplicity.

**Mobile Devices**

<i>Logo and Nav bar</i>

The navbar will become a Hamburger menu for Mobile users. This is to free up viewport space.

<i>Hero Image</i>

The carousel will remain active on mobile devices.

<i>About Me</i>

The image will be placed at the top of this section, and the paragraphs will follow beneath.

<i>Classes</i>

At the moment I have two options to display the client's classes on Mobile devices. The first idea is to keep the same design pattern as Desktop devices, but instead of being horizontal across the viewport, they will be stacked vertically. However, I am aware that this may become rather clunky for Mobile devices. If that is the case, I will just display the text and information about the classes with no effects.

<i>Events and Workshops</i>

Will follow the same idea as the About Me section, in which the image will appear on top with the text beneath.

<i>Contact Me</i>

The design of this should be responsive enough that it is the same as the Desktop viewport. The only difference is the email address and social media links will be displayed vertically rather than horizontally.

<i>Shop</i>

See information regarding the shop within the Desktop part of this section.

## Design

### Imagery

### Colour Scheme

The colour scheme will match that of representing Yoga. Calming, peaceful and earthy tones will be used. Initially, I would like to base this around blues, pinks, and different hues of white.

<details>
  <summary>Colour Pallette</summary>

![Colours](COLOUR PALLETTE)

 </details>

### Typography

<details>
  <summary>Typography</summary>

![Typography](/assets/images/readme-images/font.png)

 </details>

## Credits

### Content

### Media

### Acknowledgments

1). [Jeff Glenn - Panel Timeline](https://codepen.io/jeffglenn/pen/KNYoKa)

-   Helped massively with how display the Yoga Classes.

2). [Brad Traversy - 50 JS Projects in 50 Days](https://www.udemy.com/course/50-projects-50-days/learn/lecture/23595170#overview)

-   Helped massively with how display the Yoga Classes.
